baby what's the plan for today the plan
is to meet the mayor
on Friday July 17th our goal was to meet
the mayor of material Denis Coderre and
invent a secret handshake with him but
as for many of our episodes it turned
out to be a lot harder than we thought
could that is one of the most light
mayor's in Montreal history very active
on social media engaged with sports and
encouraging of small projects he clearly
loves his city so we wanted to meet him
we started the day by tweeting him but
as expected no luck we then tried to
call City Hall but again okay we were
however able to extract the email
address of his press secretary we told
her about our story and we were on our
way to City Hall should we go to City
Hall to me have to dress up super nice I
go to City Hall and be like we're here
to meet Catherine
thank you dressing up let's go get a
look fresh kattappa mars joking but this
haircut looks terrible this is amazing I
love it it looks great what do you think
doing wait let's see running at City
Hall was more intimidating than we
thought we continued our journey with
another shot in the dark
we were obviously not received at City
Hall and had no response from our email
that morning so instead we decided to
tweet his press secretary but during
that process we spotted a reporter
across the street we thought could help
us with information see the whole city
whole
see
with another disappointment we walked
around the building in the hopes of
catching him leave the mayor always if
you when he leaves he leaves from the
back so this way we talked to a city
worker who did not move us forward said
the mayor either comes out this way or
that way so it's not that helpful
maybe we have to look at the waiting
outside we decided to walk in through a
back door and wait inside in the hopes
of running into someone that could give
us information with it for the mom you
eventually ask the front desk but we
were put on the phone with the exact
same person with Artie talked to three
times that day
well it's messy stuff we thought we were
walking home with a total failure
clearly he's busy we're gonna meet him
has no idea a sub-project 30 was ago but
as we walked out luck finally turn matt
recognized a cameraman for a news
network but interviewed him a few months
ago for his clothing company Hart city
apparel he told us an official press
release would be held in a few minutes
the mayor himself would not be there but
his press secretary had tried to reach
all day would be and after 10 minutes
she arrived for sending in the back so
we were able to catch her attention for
30 seconds she said she had seen and
would answer our email and three days
later we had almost given up but we then
get a private message on Twitter we were
asked to be at City Hall the day after
at 11:00 a.m. and on July 21st well we
were late to our meeting with the mayor
it is currently 10 51
we're about 15 minutes away and our
meetings at 11:00 the one thing we
cannot be late to and we are this is the
classic project 30 we got there at the
exact last minute and in the waiting
room
we're getting very nervous they may or
finally arrived
I gave us 10 minutes ago I didn't if you
film is just fine go Bravo
hey I want to show you this on youtube
belong if you wanted to join the team as
well these are contract okay it's a very
serious contract obviously okay what's
on your forever your team on the road
you're perfect you read it like this
every Monday morning easy look done
happen the tents 1/7 under you'll have
roach by its paper desperate what's the
one they've always wanted
to be honest I'm hopeful always wanted
to be a voice for those doesn't matter
that was my passion extra busy clock I'm
on record for that fails ever we we have
has a very special engine and we want to
share that with you what's your actually
have a personal handshake you just go
like this
just do that definitely is it especially
peaceful yet we bought okay we had and
at the end we initiated the mayor he was
officially a member of the project 30
secret handshake circle all right you're
to stop listen up it's like fun Jamie go
mondo give us all the city's official
pins I'm here brother it's your moment
it's mine
Darren had set himself a challenge of
his own so I was wondering for if it
would not be too respectful
disrespectful if I could psych you out
in a handshake like this no I think I
just did and then now that's mine Oh
Denis Coderre was even nicer in that we
could have ever imagined he asked us
about our stories and future plans while
giving us a tour of his office and
showing us some of his proudest
accomplishments and we learned once
again that project 30 never gives up see
you tomorrow oh my god